profile/README.md, before:

![](https://github.com/ssar-group/.github/blob/main/source/images/company-header-rtv.png)

## The company's mission

Is to provide a platform for the development of new technologies, powerful tools for video games and create Anit-cheat program to against the cheating in online game.

## Involved the world

Open, build, and share your code with Open, a software / platform for building, creating amazing things.

* [Community Add-ons](https://marketplace.ssar-group.com/community?xref=addons)
* [Community Open](https://open.ssar-group.com/chat)
* [Game Engine](https://dev.ssar-group.com/open-engine)
* [Game Development](https://dev.ssar-group.com)

please visit [open.ssar-group.com](https://open.ssar-group.com/about) to learn more!

----

Any add-ons, projects, and builds that you create and share with the community are subject to the [Open Source License](https://terms.ssar-group.com/open-source-license), [Community Guidelines](https://terms.ssar-group.com/community-guidelines) and the [Open Source Code of Conduct](https://terms.ssar-group.com/open-code-of-conduct). For more infomation see the [FAQ](https://open.ssar-group.com/faq)

Commit message:

Remove racesTelemetry header image and update README with new company header and additional sections.

profile/README.md, after:

![](../source/images/company-header.png)

<h4 align="center">
  <a href="https://blog.ssar-group.com">Blogs</a>
  •
  <a href="mailto:contactus@ssar-group.com">Contact Us</a>
</h4>

## The company's mission

We are working to provide tools for the development of new technologies, powerful tools for video games and to create an anti-cheat program to combat cheating in online games.

## Tools, Services

We have developed :

- [Vecteur Anti-Cheat](https://dev.ssar-group.com/gamedev/ac-vecteur) : A powerful anti-cheat uses AI.

- [ASL](https://dev.ssar-group.com/asl) : A complete framework for all utilities.

- [PulsarUI](https://dev.ssar-group.com/pulsarui) : A modern UI based on React.

## Documentation

Visit [our docs](https://doc.ssar-group.com/) to view the full documentation.


## Security

If you discover a security vulnerability in our tools, we encourage you to report it responsibly and __*NOT*__ open a public issue. We will review all legitimate reports. To report any security vulnerability, please email [security-alert@ssar-group.com](mailto:security-alert@ssar-group.com).
